[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It all started with a
worrying underhyped information
from Denmark.
Here, almost all breeding
animals are fed with GM soy.
For a few years, pig farming
has been facing a disease
with unknown causes.
Violent diarrhea,
often causing death.
Danish farmers call
it the yellow death.
>> This is quite remarkable.
They have been in here for
five weeks and nobody died.
>> Nobody died.
>> And it's unusual.
>> It's unusual just here.
But it could be
tomorrow, I get one.
I have some-- see
this diarrhea here.
There's a little bit here.
There's one pig
standing there with--
on her legs.
That you need to watch.
>> Pedersen is a
breeding technician.
His animals' feed
is computer-managed
for each and every one of them.
Like all Danish
farmers, Pedersen
used GM soy flour
for a long time.
>> I think the first bout
would have come in '96.
When we started,
it was not all GM.
Maybe, what, 20%
GM in the soy mix.
And then it got
gradually more and more.
And by 2001 you
would have had 90%.
>> Like all farmers, Peterson
had to face frequent diarrhea
outbursts.
One day, he decided to stop
feeding GM soy to his pigs.
>> Back to normal.
>> Just to see
how it would work.
what was happening.
And then pay attention, if
some different thing came up.
Well, I didn't tell my herdsmen.
And two days after,
he'd come, my herdsman,
have you changed the food?
Said yeah.
Is it bad?
No, no.
Not this time.
And he said, look.
I have no diarrhea.
There's no diarrhea here.
And he has used 100
milliliter antibiotic--
to cure diarrhea that we
had massive problems with.
Up to 30% of piglets die.
And it was really severe.
And the funny thing
is, and the good thing
is, we had three
years on non-GM.
We are not seeing
the sickness again.
>> By himself, Pedersen managed
to cast doubt in the kingdom
of Denmark.
What if something in
the transgenic soy
was responsible for
these digestive diseases?
>> It was a very big mystery,
because I have grown--
brought up cattle
all my life, so.
>> They were just giving up
like they just want to die.
I have a movie here.
So this black cow--
>> And those cows are
not alive anymore, right?
>> No.
>> I think we took these
pictures just before we put
them down.
You look this pic.
>> Pretty bad, huh.
>> I always linked this outbreak
of diarrhea in multiple herds
with a ship of soy that come
from one part of Argentina.
And then when that is
fed to a lot of farmers,
they all have diarrhea
in their herd.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What's hidden in
the ship's hulls?
Theoretically, legal
maximum rates of chemicals
are monitored.
Could it be something else?
Soy comes from
Argentina's plains.
Transgenic agriculture
turned the landscape
into a giant [? Excel ?] sheet.
22 million hectares
of GMs have changed
the face of the country.
Most transgenic seeds
come from US companies.
GM soy doesn't require
farm workers anymore.
As GMOs are gaining ground,
villages are being deserted.
We went to Chaco, the
last transgenic border.
Surrounded by GM fields,
there's a Avia Terai village.
A little girl is getting
ready for school.
The skin of her arms show
a strange genetic defect.
>> Your daughter
was born like that?
>> Yes, she was born like that.
>> Do you know what it is?
Were analyses made?
>> Doctors studied her a lot.
There's still a final
examination in Buenos Aires
and they might
give me the answer.
>> Nadia is 12 years old.
She lives a few meters away.
Since the age of
two, she suffers
from a degenerative disease.
She's slowly waning,
with her family watching.
Her parents don't know
what her disease is.
>> We went to Buenos Aires.
They analyzed her.
But there's nothing to do.
>> Do they know what happened?
And why?
>> They say it may be a
genetic problem but that it was
aggravated with fumigation.
>> The doctors told
you about herbicides?
>> Yes.
That's what they told me.
And in the village, there
are many deformed children.
People must know.
I feel bad because I wanted
the best for my daughter.
It's hard not to hate destiny.
I had really hard
times with her.
Sometimes, I even
felt like giving up.
I felt like hiding her.
But, no, I can't.
Until God decides her fate,
I have to go on and help her.
>> The villagers live in
the fear of a tractor.
It either spreads water or
Roundup, Monsanto's glyphosate.
They call it the poison.
>> When you wake up and hear
that tractor spraying the field
with its poison, nobody
knows what's happening.
I lock myself home with my kids.
>> Here's a tractor filling
up its tanks near the well.
Is it water or pesticides?
Regarding chemicals,
the law is clear.
Spreading is prohibited
within a 1.5 kilometer
distance from houses.
>> They're gone.
>> They can't be far.
>> They realized you were here.
>> The tractor came
from this GM soy field.
The field is guarded.
The situation is tense.
So we are recording
with a hidden camera.
>> Hello, sir.
We are French journalists.
>> What do you want?
>> We are working on the soy
that's being produced here.
Because animals in
France are eating it.
>> Go ahead.
Look around.
>> OK.
>> I don't know what you're
looking for, but go ahead.
>> OK.
>> The village is
200 meters away.
This is where the tractor was.
Hidden in soy plants, there's
half a dozen chemical cans,
and herbicide glyphosate,
without which GM soy cannot
exist.
This is how it works.
A GM field is not being plowed.
No one's taking the weeds out.
Everything is growing
at the same time.
Weeds can suffocate soy.
This is when
glyphosate comes in.
This herbicide kills everything,
everything but GM soy.
Why?
Because the soy has
been modified to resist.
It's become herbicide-proofed.
>> There are lots of
weeds here, aren't there?
>> Yes.
>> In Chaco, lots of weeds.
>> How do you solve the problem?
>> With poison.
We use Roundup to
get rid of the weeds.
Here we don't feed our
animals with this soy.
>> Oh yeah?
But you export it, don't you?
>> Yes.
Because if you feed
your chickens with it,
you can no longer
eat their eggs.
>> You can no longer
eat their eggs?
>> No, you can't.
>> Why?
>> Because they smell bad.
>> They smell bad?
The chickens that eat this soy--
>> You can no longer
eat their eggs.
>> This field is treated?
Until the village over there?
OK.
>> This village of thugs.
>> Why thugs?
>> They steal
everything you have.
They are scum.
It's a slum.
>> Last year, we met up with
the nearby soy producers,
and the people in
charge of fumigation.
We were several villages.
I went to the meeting because
of my daughter's condition.
I went there with the doctor.
But it was impossible to
speak to the field owners.
They were offended and
irritated by our questions.
No discussion possible.
>> With the tractor, you can
get as close as possible?
>> Yes, with the tractor I can
fumigate the houses nearby.
They say the poison
kills people.
Sure, if you drink it, you die.
Otherwise, you don't.
It's the engineers.
They are over careful.
>> GM soy is removing
people out of the land.
They've become useless,
almost annoying.
>> I feel guilty for having
let my family get contaminated
by agro toxics.
>> Even when I was pregnant,
I inhaled pesticides.
>> But what can we do?
These guys are millionaires.
At best, they get fined
and they keep going.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In 15 years of transgenic
agriculture in Argentina,
there were only three
convictions for illegal
fumigations.
Avia Terai's case is
far from being unique.
To such an extent
that the government
had to discreetly
subsidize assistance
centers for the disabled.
There are four of them in
the nearest city, Saenz Pena.
>> None of the kids
in this room can walk.
None of them.
Most of our patients
come from rural areas
that are highly
exposed to agro toxics.
That's a fact.
We export our soy
to your countries
to feed the animals
you are eating.
That's a simple chain.
But we are the ones truly
paying the price for it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> As they were seeing
more and more sick kids,
300 Argentinean doctors created
a whistleblower network.
Maria Cerezo, a rather
conservative pediatrician,
ended up becoming an
activist of this network.
>> I don't know if they are
aware of the misery they are
creating.
If they knew, they
wouldn't do it.
What's going on
is really serious.
It's a genocide.
>> Genocide might be
a bit strong a word?
>> Maybe.
But a lot of people
are dying prematurely
from really aggressive
and painful diseases.
They suffer a lot.
>> Eduardo, the director of the
Center, is a bit more cautious.
>> There have always
been disabled people.
It's hard to tell why.
It's true, there are
more than before.
But maybe it's because
they are less hidden.
>> There are twice as many
specialized institutions,
which have opened secondary
centers in many smaller
villages.
>> For two years, images of
this strange deformed children
epidemic have started to
appear on the internet.
This is where Pedersen, the
Danish farmer, saw them.
>> I'm going to check the pigs--
Then I had deformed
pigs in the past,
when we had one with two
heads, or elephant man heads,
or a girl and a boy, same time.
I, like any other farmer, had
got more or less accustomed
to that.
We had deformities.
So it was not new to me.
Back legs not much use.
It's like, you'd think he
should have longer legs.
He can't really make
them reach the floor.
When this down in
Argentina, when
they had these
deformed children,
is that the same deformity?
It looks like the same
I had with my pigs.
>> In Argentina, the government
is supporting transgenic
agriculture.
It denied the existence of
this epidemic for a long time.
Today, denial is no
longer an option.
But at the Ministry for
Science, they rather
mention an accident.
>> It's true.
There's a quite clear
correlation with the progress
of the agricultural border.
It's undeniable.
And that may be linked
to chemical use.
We don't know how they use it,
they're not cautious enough.
The population is too exposed.
And also, we don't know what
combinations of chemicals
are being used.
>> Combinations of chemicals.
We never heard of that before.
Transgenic firms have
always guaranteed
that you didn't
need anything else
but glyphosate to
weed the fields.
As confessed by the
Ministry for Science,
farmers are adding unknown
substances out of any control.
What are those chemicals?
Near a cornfield, there's
a spreading tractor.
No one around.
On the tractor,
we find glyphosate
produced by Monsanto.
Nothing surprising.
But we also find two
other chemicals, atrazine,
which is forbidden in Europe.
According to an American study,
atrazine turns male frogs
into female frogs.
There's also 2.4-D, one of the
two components of Agent Orange,
a military herbicide.
To find enemies hidden in the
forest during the Vietnam War,
the American army had
been weeding the forests.
Very efficient, except for the
people who were underneath.
Thousands of deformed
children were
born in the following years.
Today, American health
authorities assert that 2.4-D
was the least dangerous
component of Agent Orange.
Dow Chemical is selling
it all across Argentina.
These products are toxic.
They seep through subsoil water.
The transgenic
promise was a world
with less and less chemicals.
What's happening is
the very opposite.
What's going on?
Governmental agronomists
encouraged farmers
to massively shift to GM crops.
And now they are
facing mutant enemies.
>> All that's green
there is weeds?
>> Yes, pretty much.
>> What happened?
By sewing 30 million
hectares of GM soy,
resistant to glyphosate, with
3 or 4 applications a year,
today, weeds that are resistant
to glyphosate have appeared.
>> So you have to constantly
increase the quantity?
>> Of course.
What we do is we mix
different active substances
to prevent weeds from
adapting to herbicides.
By mixing ingredients, we
prevent their resistance.
>> You're fixing cocktails.
>> Exactly.
>> It seems transgenic
firms got it all wrong.
They promised ever
less chemicals.
What happens is the contrary.
Glyphosate is no longer
enough to control weeds.
Now, three, four, or five other
chemicals need to be added.
Next generation seeds
will be designed
to resist even more
toxic combinations.
That wasn't quite the plan.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[BANG]
>> Governmental
agronomists are helpless.
It's not going the way
it was supposed to.
Maybe they feel responsible.
Argentinean farmers
relied on them.
Themselves, they put
their trust in Monsanto.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Monsanto declined
answering our questions,
neither in front of a
camera nor in writing.
However, every
night, Argentinean TV
broadcasts reassuring
Monsanto ads.
They guarantee that roundup,
their glyphosate-based
herbicide, is very efficient.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Nothing proves that
transgenic agriculture is
responsible for the diseases
observed in Argentina.
But nothing proves
the contrary either.
And the government hasn't
tried to figure it out.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The Argentinean ministry for
health hasn't done anything.
The only health study on the
transgenic agriculture's impact
was conducted by
professors in medicine
from Rosario University
by their own means.
Each year, they
mobilize 1,700 students
to interview 90,000
people, a huge survey.
Students wear easy-to-spot
orange t-shirts
and settle in the
surrounding villages.
They sleep in gym facilities and
interview the whole population
on their medical conditions.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Cancer rates
increase spectacularly.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Argentina's economy can
probably no longer do without
GM agriculture.
The president herself
welcomed it enthusiastically.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[CROWD CHANTING]
>> 15 years after GMOs' most
massive rival in Argentina,
public distrust focused on
Monsanto is ever stronger.
And it's no longer just
among the few lefties.
[DRUMMING]
Protesters march
under the portrait
of the other great exportation
product of Argentina, Ernesto
Che Guevara.
Like their hero, they see
the hand of America's empire
everywhere, even behind GM soy.
Always ready to point
at conspiracy theories,
but this time, they
happen not to be wrong.
In 2012 in London, Wikileaks
fed upon their fear
by disclosing, once
again, secret documents
from the American government.
>> The first casualty
of war is the truth.
>> This time, they published
250,000 messages from US
embassies all around the
world, a view behind the scene
of the latest superpower.
According to the documents,
American diplomacy
is unexpectedly interested
in GM soy or corn.
It actually goes further,
US embassies literally
turned into salesmen
for transgenic firms,
taking care of all the details.
In Buenos Aires in
2008, the US embassy
is like a travel agency.
The ambassador himself
plays the charming warm-up
guy amongst half a dozen
Argentinean journalists
before their travel to
Monsanto's headquarters,
all expenses covered.
The American government
declined discussing with us
this strange mingling with
the transgenic industry.
But we found a precious video.
The guy who's going to
speak in front of students
is Mr. GMOs in the government.
And he says it all.
>> Now, I come from the
Department of State.
And usually people are like,
why is the Department of State
here?
I thought we were getting
agriculture, right?
And I say, well, you know,
the State Department-- we care
about food and agriculture too.
Clearly, food is a
food security issue.
And I think we all know that.
And it's an important one.
But it's also an
economic security issue.
It's an energy security issue.
And as we learned in 2008
with the food price riots,
it's also a national
security issue.
>> So if we get it straight,
transgenic agriculture is like
weapons or oil--
a power asset.
>> Future of America is secure.
>> In the great
transgenic world war,
the most resistant country
against US pressure is France.
Some farmers are
showing huge resistance.
And they won the
public's support.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> GMOs are forbidden in France.
So the US embassy is launching
a discreet counterstrike.
In 2007, ambassador
Craig Stapleton
arranges a secret
meeting in Paris
gathering US transgenic firms
and a mysterious French farmer.
>> Howdy!
>> They want to have the
French government approve GMOs.
Here's an idea.
How about boycotting
French champagne?
>> Yee-haw!
>> Carried away, the ambassador
writes to his close friend,
President Bush, telling
him, let's retaliate.
If they don't want
our GMOs, let's
put a ban on their champagne.
Bush will leave it there.
Something remains unclear.
Who was the French farmer
attending the meeting
at the US embassy?
He's very likely to
be a corn producer.
They have been struggling
to get the right
to plant GMOs, from
which they expect
a 10% rise on their yields.
We go to one of their meetings.
Their leader encourages
them to aggressively lobby
French politicians.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Maybe Christophe Terrain
knows more about the secret
meeting?
Bingo.
He was the mysterious guest.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Today, Christophe Terrain
is determined to win and impose
GMOs.
This man is the French
minister for agriculture.
His official statement is,
no GM cultivation in France.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> This farmer meeting is
turning into just another
episode of low intensity war,
a war aimed at imposing GMOs
on the whole planet.
This war is not
waged by soldiers,
but by influence peddlers.
How do they look like?
There are many of them in
Brussels, where the European
Parliament is located.
They make laws.
So this is where the
transgenic industry
settled its lobby, EuropaBio.
EuropaBio serves Monsanto,
Syngenta, Dupont--
well, all GM big names.
Today, EuropaBio is hosting
an event in a hotel.
The subject, biotechnology
can put an end
to hunger in the third world.
Our camera is tolerated,
but only in the corridors.
Among the transgenic
warriors, Patrick Moore
is certainly the fiercest.
He markets himself
as former member
of Greenpeace and an ecologist.
>> Hello, I'm Patrick Moore.
I was one of the
co-founders in Greenpeace
back in the early 1970s while
I was doing my PhD in ecology.
I've been an independent
environmentalist
for the last 25 years.
And now I'm leading the campaign
to allow golden rice now.
>> Patrick Moore left
Greenpeace almost 30 years ago,
reportedly on bad terms.
Ever since, he has become one
of Greenpeace's worst enemies.
He's supporting the nuclear
industry, mine industry,
transgenic industry.
And he also thinks
global warming
is great for the planet.
>> --during the Ice Age.
It is extremely likely
that a warmer temperature
than today's would be far
better than a cooler one.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
>> Patrick Moore is
an event professional.
On the GMOs chapter, he launched
a campaign for golden rice.
This experimental rice,
enriched in beta carotene,
is the transgenic
industry's answer
to kids' vitamin A deficiency
in the third world.
According to Patrick Moore,
criticizing golden rice
makes you guilty of genocide.
>> With two million
children dying each year,
when their parents are watching
them die because they do not
have vitamin A, golden
rice is the cure.
And yet, Greenpeace
continues to tell lies,
saying it could have some health
problems from golden rice.
So they are lying.
And they are causing death.
And that is a crime
against humanity.
>> Other VIPs are
here this morning.
The man with the red tie is the
English Environment Minister
Owen Patterson.
He's a die-hard
defender of GMOs,
but feels a little
uncomfortable being
filmed in an event financed
by the transgenic industry.
After one hour, we
feel like intruders.
We are going to be
severely supervised.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Our video camera starts
triggering strange behaviors,
like having a security
guard talking to his watch.
The room is filled with
transgenic industry executives
who want to freely
discuss their strategy--
no cameras.
Debates take place
behind closed doors.
But with a sharp ear
and a good microphone,
we can hear the speeches.
Here's the pro-GMO
British minister speaking
about golden rice.
>> The time has now arrived
to see if we can break this
15-year deadlock on GM
cultivation authorization.
>> On the golden rice--
and I do think this is the
absolute [? panic here, ?]
issue, someone is going
to get under the ball
and lose this one.
And then the dam will be broken.
And I just find
completely extraordinary
that rational human
beings can oppose
a technology which could stop
a small child going blind
every second.
But I do think the
golden rice battle is
absolutely fundamental.
>> Suddenly,
borders are blurred.
Is the minister
a public officer?
Or is he a GM industry lobbyist?
Since this meeting, he was fired
from the British government
with no official reason.
Are all these people here
for the third world kids,
or for their
companies' interests?
This smart lady is Monsanto's
representative for Europe.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> She runs away as soon as
she sees our camera, as usual.
GM lobbyists invite
us to rather interview
the great defender of GM golden
rice, Patrick Moore, who's
accusing Greenpeace of
crime against humanity.
Right before the
interview, I find out
on the website of
the institution that
is developing golden rice
that it is not ready yet
and still has to be evaluated.
So Greenpeace has nothing
to do with the pending.
Is Patrick Moore trying
to manipulate us?
>> Right now, is the research
about golden rice stopped?
>> The research on golden rice
has been given a big boost
by the Bill and Melinda
Gates Foundation.
>> So it's going on.
>> It's going on.
>> So nothing has stopped.
>> Yes, it's stopped that golden
rice is not allowed to come
into commercial use.
So no one can eat it.
>> But correct me if I'm wrong,
but the institution that is
working on research on golden
rice said it needed a couple
of years more to be able
to commercialize it.
>> No, they need a couple
of years more to comply with
the ridiculous regulations that
have been put in place to stop
it.
>> We wanted a comment from
Patrick about the situation
in Argentina--
the deformed children,
unidentified pesticides
cocktails being spread
over transgenic fields.
What did he think
about it as a pro-GMO?
>> I believe it's a myth.
I do not believe
it for a second,
because I know the science.
It's made up.
>> OK.
Because-- OK, we went
there, in Argentina.
>> And you saw
people who are sick?
>> We saw people who are sick.
>> In Argentina?
>> Yes.
>> You expect to see
nobody sick in Argentina?
>> Look, this is from
a [? Rosario's-- ?]
>> I know this paper.
>> You do?
>> It's a lie.
I just say--
>> How can you say it's a lie?
>> Because it is a lie.
Because it's making it up
using false information.
There is no way
that glyphosate is
linked to these
cancers and things
that these people are saying.
It's not true.
It is made up.
>> Made up.
>> This has nothing to
do with what I'm doing--
nothing, zero.
I'm not even interested in it.
>> But you still go on the
record saying something about
it.
You go on the record
saying that it's a lie.
>> My understanding of it is
that it's a fabricated lie,
yes.
I do not believe that
glyphosate in Argentina
is causing increases in cancer.
You can drink a whole quart
of it, and it won't hurt you.
It's--
>> You want to drink some?
We have some here.
>> I'd be happy to, actually.
>> Yeah.
>> Not really, but--
>> Not really?
>> I know it wouldn't hurt me.
>> If you say so, I
have some glyphosate--
>> No, I'm not stupid.
>> Oh, OK.
So you--
>> No, but I know it's--
>> So it's dangerous, right?
>> I know people try to commit
suicide with it and fail,
fairly regularly.
>> Let's tell the truth.
It's dangerous--
>> It's not dangerous to humans.
No, it's not.
>> So are you ready to drink
one glass of glyphosate?
>> No, I'm not an idiot.
Interview me about golden rice.
That's what I'm talking about.
>> We did.
We did.
>> OK, then it's finished.
>> Except this--
>> Then the interview
is finished.
>> I'd say that's a good
way to solve things.
>> Yeah.
You're a complete jerk.
>> For the transgenic
lobby, EuropaBio,
the priority is to put down
the European regulation.
They even did a
cartoon to explain it.
>> In Europe, politicians
decided to impose bureaucratic
barriers to biotech.
That means European farmers
have had to wait, and wait,
and wait, until new crops
are approved to grow or to be
imported, because the
European approval system is
slow and over-politicized.
>> The transgenic
industry thinks Europe is
overprotective.
But this could come to an
end with an upcoming trade
agreement, the TAFTA.
The treaty could align
European health regulations
with the ones of the US.
Basically, the aim
of the agreement
is simple and common sense.
For instance, did
you know that it
was hard to sell European
cars in the US and vise versa,
because of norm differences?
The size of headlights,
handles, bumpers--
everything is strongly regulated
and different from one country
to another.
Once the agreement is signed,
pro-GM America and anti-GM
Europe will share
the same regulations.
But the question is, whose
rules are going to win?
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[CROWD CHANTING]
>> In Brussels, negotiations on
the agreement are taking place
behind closed doors.
Sometimes, negotiators come
out to answer a few questions.
There's an American
and a European,
both fluent in the
language of big agreements.
We asked a simple
question on GMOs
and got a complicated answer.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> So the regulation on
GMOs is non-negotiable,
except for its application.
That seems to say the
debate is on the table.
Tomorrow's world will
be ruled by a series
of trans-Atlantic agreements
aiming at ensuring
the free circulation of goods.
Those treaties will
prevail over national laws.
Depending on how
the negotiations go,
it is possible that no one
can oppose GMOs ever again,
not even a democratically
elected government.
The risk is to be sued
by transgenic firms,
not in front of judges, but in
front of very powerful trade
arbitrators.
Who are these new
masters of the world?
Very discreet people.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I feel overwhelmed
by the responsibility.
I think it's human.
I mean, you have huge cases.
Sometimes it is
hundreds and thousands
of millions of euros at stake
or important policy issues.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> But there's something
wrong with some arbitrators--
Daniel Price, for instance.
Arbitrator today, he's
close to George W. Bush
and is a former
Monsanto lobbyist,
as shows his income statement.
How can he be impartial?
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> You have there touched
on a sensible issue.
And there, I agree with you.
I am only arbitrator it is
my job to be an arbitrator.
And there's so much money
and interest at risk
that we should separate.
Either you are an arbitrator
or you are a lawyer.
And that you cannot mix
the two professions.
And this is something--
it will come.
>> Within 15 years, transgenic
firms have won one battle after
the other, regardless
of citizens' reluctance.
This world conquest
happened quietly,
with no image and
no real scandal--
at least for now.